all right first time dear Billy go lucky
I'm gonna lose my v card next weekend
Jesus Christ I always always surprises
me when people know when they're gonna
lose their virginity doesn't just happen
like it did for me you know like it's
never gonna happen and then somebody
just grabs your dick and you lash it
here we go
whoo then you drive it home yeah I
didn't know people planned it right I
like I just said somebody just grabs
your dick like it could be anybody like
some fucking 60-year old man gross um I
was I gonna say like you guys actually
plan this shit out it's going down next
Sunday I'm going to lose my v card next
weekend me and the girl are corny high
school lovebirds and it couldn't be more
right I think I know the answer to this
question but I'll ask you anyways should
I blow it in her face
no should I blow it in her face to
commemorate the occasion then he says
kidding real question should I think
about mixing up positions or just keep
it Ida I love making um yeah I I gotta
be honest with you I never I never
hooked up with a virgin okay the woman
it was a woman she was a home at the end
and she had been around the block all
right so there was no uh yeah I don't
know I didn't have that experience I
would probably say the first time you do
it you don't want to flip her over
yeah this is a big responsibility I
would try to keep it as loving and as
nice as you can and I would probably do
that the first half dozen two dozen
times and both men you know you know let
it get comfortable there buddy before
you start fucking trying to you know
what it is about your kids is the amount
of porn you've probably watched the
access that you have to it you know I
wonder if
kids that's a fucking creepy thought
sorry
strike that we wonder if I shouldn't
even say kids teenagers of age I mean
they got to be better at it than we were
we had no idea all you had was rumors
when I was a kid you didn't know what
the fuck you were doing you had to
figure it is you just walked into the
bush no fucking trail no nothing you
guys a while you guys are walking right
down the open highway just to do
something I I didn't even the thought of
blowing it in some woman's face like I
didn't even you didn't even think we
even thought of shit like that I'm
trying to think when the facial came
arriving when I was in high school like
the two pornos I think I ever saw the
big thing was when the VCR came out and
then all of a sudden you know and then
it was somebody had to have the balls to
go in through those fucking saloon doors
at the back of the video shop and he
just fucking went in there he just
grabbed one really quick what you get I
don't know it had tents and then you
fucking went out like nobody did that
right nobody fucking I'm trying to think
the first time I even saw that first
time I saw it it thought it was fucking
gross like a lot of porn you like oh my
god that's disgusting and then you're
like oh my god that's the only thing
that gets me off then you move to the
next level which is the danger report
right you just keep going further and
further down the fucking abyss and next
thing you know you could work on a vice
squad without getting sick while you're
eating a fucking mayonnaise sandwich
over there sorry this is getting gross
but it's true
and if elected no child under the age of
18 will be allowed to watch somebody
bust it in somebody's face
ask not whose face you can bust it in um
yeah Wow Jesus crime even like your
question like how fucking uh advanced
you already are if you never fucking did
anything cuz when I said there was no
video we had no game film when I was a
kid
you guys can sit there and go over and
over and over like fucking Bill
Belichick we had no there was no game
film and then because there was so
little information you had to act like
you knew everything and someone would
bring something up and you and you'd be
sitting it on the outside just total
fucking world series of poker face and
on the inside you were panicking going
what the fuck are they talking about
what is that I don't know what that is
you know and I don't know if my dad
knows what it is but I'm certainly not
talking about it up to him because
that's fucking gross just talking to him
about it would be fucking gross and then
a whole other level is he doing that to
my mom how the fuck does he know that
right so I don't know it's like I said
just keep it I I loved making I would
leave at that